com.priyoshop.assets.R$id
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomET
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBoldTv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$xml
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font
com.priyoshop.assets.R$array
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string
com.priyoshop.assets.R$mipmap
com.priyoshop.assets.R
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBtn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomTV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$menu
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m34
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_chat_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int regular_font
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int enterQtyEt
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_baseline_photo_camera_24
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m5
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int order_no
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_toolbar_back
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_solid_white_stroke_red_4
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bottom_round
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int btn_increase
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int baseline_delete_24
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int image_content_description
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int hint_enter_phone_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int my_orders
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_top_arrow_for_cupon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int toolbarCartIV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_note
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int submit_button
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_business_vertical
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int all_shipping_addresses
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int light_grey
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int search_barLl
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int select_your_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_retail_logo
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_right_arrow
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int et_cursor
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int hisab_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_solid_white_bottom_r8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int edit_profile
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_profile
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int no_internet
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int cameraBtn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int negativeButton
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_solid_white_stroke_red_r8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int shopkeepericon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_round_stroke
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int button_done
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_down_arrow
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_hisab_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_dlt
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_light_pink_rounded_8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m32
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_chat
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int owner_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int teal_200
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int dataErrorBtn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int dark_orange
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int my_shop_photos
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int homeImg
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_pink_solid_with_red_stroke_round_8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int taka_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int address_box
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_account
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int p12
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: int hindsiliguri_medium
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_taka_black
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_bottom_r10
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int register
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int products
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h3
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int chat_screen_comming_soon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int image_holder
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int input_form_font
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_gray_rounded_stroke_r2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_give_eleven_length_numbers
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int divider_height
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int shipping_charge
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_cross
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_all_round_ten
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_taka_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h4
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int address_nav_drawer
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_nid_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int current_shipping_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int discount_code_title_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int button_font
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int write_product_qty_here
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_location_icon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_tick
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int img_down_arrow
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int AlertDialogTransparentBg
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int caption
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int positiveButton
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m90
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_account
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int chat_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int email_address_hint
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int light_gray_2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int image
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int account_summary
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_home_bottom_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_red_solid_with_red_stroke_round_8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int coral
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int alert_icon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$array: int items
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int bottom_nav_selection_color
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int background_gradient
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_account_light_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_white_solid_with_gray_stroke_round_8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_gray_rounded_stroke_r10
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int subtitle_2_medium
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int login_title_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int phone_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int layout_ps_counterview
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int toolbarBackIV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int dhaka
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_cart
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_email
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int bottom_nav_item_color
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_add_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int terms_condition_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int already_registered
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int deals_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int basic_star_image
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int errorImageView
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_log_in
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int resend_otp
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int p4
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int go_back_home
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int details
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_add_image
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int button_rectangle
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int removeIv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int see_all_home
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int colorAccent
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bogo_logo
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_profile_avatar
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_handshake
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int write_ur_code
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_police_station
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int orange
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int filter
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int invoice_no_hint
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int imgLabelTv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int comma
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_delete_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int dialog_add_qty
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int p8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int light_salmon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_blank_user
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_solid_light_red_stroke_red_bottom_r8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int delivery_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_bottom_nav_active_bar
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int logout_nav_drawer
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m40
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int contact_person_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int profile_nav_drawer
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int purple_500
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int slate_gray
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int deleteBtn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int my_profile
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int Change
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_info
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_ghor
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int tomato
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_cart_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int kg
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int order_success
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int wheat
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int add_more_btn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_please_give_valid_nid_numbers
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int re_order
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_please_give_valid_numbers
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_image_vactor
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_home
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int shape
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int body_2_medium
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int no
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int apply_btn_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int animationView
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int subtitle_1_regular
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int AppTheme
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int proceed_next_btn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_plus_bg_black
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int nid_error_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int shop_name_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim: int to_left
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_hisab
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int small
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int CustomActivityAnimation
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_white_solid_gray_stroke_round_16
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int black
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m8
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int purple_700
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int account_options
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int slate_blue
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int cartBadgeIV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int img
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int total_price
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int process_btn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m15
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int totalBill
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int otp_bottom_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int message_enter_otp_code
com.priyoshop.assets.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h6
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int addressList_bottom_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int nid
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int networkErrorBtn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int light_slate_gray
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int description
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: int hindsiliguri_light
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_settings_rounded
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int light_pink
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_back_white
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int amount_hint
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int mosola
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m72
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int sub_total
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int go_forward
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int caption_phone_no
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int district_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int progressBar
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_red_solid_red_stroke_4
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int message_we_are_sorry
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int AlertDialogCustom
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m60
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int my_documents
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int add_new_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int error_handler_layout
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int p16
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int otp_title_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int invalid_username
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int qty
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim: int to_right
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_badge
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_filter
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_deals_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: int hindsiliguri_semibold
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int product_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int dummy_img_banner_rice
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int toolbarSubTitle
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int reatil_store_art
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int rice_bag
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int no_product_found
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int medium_gray
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_award_badge
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int register_btn
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m65
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h1
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_left
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_log_out
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int dal
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m100
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int price_hint
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int format_time
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_menu
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int profile_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int terms_and_condition_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_white_solid_with_gray_stroke_round_40
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int bg_black_rounded_stroke_25
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int yes
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int your_total_bill
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_shop_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int ok
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_add_white_16dp
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int errorLL
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int green
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int total_prixe
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int errorTitleTV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_update_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_search
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int cart_title
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int discount_cupon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int categories
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int priyo_shop_logo
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int nid_number_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_minus_square_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int contact_person_phone
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int phone_number_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int color_cream
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int group_102
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_order_details
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int edit
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_retry
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int write_product_name_here
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int teal_700
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int btn_decrease
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int mirpur
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int size_0dp
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int search_hare
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int image_delete_button
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int welcome
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int ur_bill
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int account_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int your_nid_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h5
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_empty_cart
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int edit_your_profile
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int welcome
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m150
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int picture
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int take_picture
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m20
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int police_station
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int drawble_round_all
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_contact_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int retail_bike
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int toolbarconst
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_shopping_bag
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int title_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int error
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int errorMessageTv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$xml: int network_security_config
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int small_subtitle
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int hot_pink
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int add_new_address_button
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int yes_bangla
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: int hindsiliguri_bold
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int titleTV
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_camera_picture
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_edit
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int colorPrimaryLite
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int icon_bg
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int cartGv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m12
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim: int from_right
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int dialog_no_internet
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int change
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int delete
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int rice_hint_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: int hindsiliguri_regular
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_retailer_rank
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m45
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m4
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ripple_solid_white_r50
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_network_issue
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m10
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_hisab_light_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int click_to_change_the_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_error
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_order_confirm
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int discount
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int group
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int payment_method
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int img_up_arrow
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int p2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_enter_district
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_chat_light_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int total
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int include_toolbar
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_plus_square_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_bottom_arrow_for_cupon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_tab_close_icon
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int priyoshop_retail
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int payment
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int otp_number
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int splash_screen_img
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int dialog_alert
com.priyoshop.assets.R$menu: int bottom_nav_menu
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: int toolbarTitle
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int error_email
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int gray
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int na_bangla
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int search
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int place_order
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim: int from_left
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int aci_logo
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_edit_amount
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int colorPrimary_2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_account_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int user_profile_option_hint
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int cardView
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: int custom_image_holder
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_document
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int discount_code_hint_text
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int go_backward
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int app_name
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_deals_light_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m54
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_baki
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_remove_white_16dp
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int body_1_regular
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int hello_blank_fragment
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int shop_address
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int white
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int order_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int dialog_title
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_locations_black
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int buttonTv
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int title
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int Business_Vertical
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_messenger_light_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int custom_thum_selector
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int orange_red
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h7
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int messenger_btm_nav
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m16
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int m24
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: int ic_order_details
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int cart
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int color_white
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: int no_internet_msg
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: int h2
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int verify_otp_button
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int your_name_registration
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: int mandatory
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int color_black
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: int color_transparent
com.priyoshop.assets.R$color: R$color()
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBoldTv: CustomBoldTv(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBtn: CustomBtn(android.content.Context)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBtn: CustomBtn(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.priyoshop.assets.R$font: R$font()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$string: R$string()
com.priyoshop.assets.R: R()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$anim: R$anim()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$style: R$style()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$layout: R$layout()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$array: R$array()
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomTV: CustomTV(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomET: CustomET(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBoldTv: CustomBoldTv(android.content.Context)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomET: CustomET(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomTV: CustomTV(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.priyoshop.assets.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$xml: R$xml()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$id: R$id()
com.priyoshop.assets.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBoldTv: CustomBoldTv(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.priyoshop.assets.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomET: CustomET(android.content.Context)
com.priyoshop.assets.R$menu: R$menu()
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomTV: CustomTV(android.content.Context)
com.priyoshop.assets.view.CustomBtn: CustomBtn(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
